**Terms & Conditions**

By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app. You’re allowed to copy and modify the app, but are not allowed to copy or modify our trademarks in any way. You’re allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, to translate the app into other languages and make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trademarks, copyright, database rights, and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to danielzhang130.

danielzhang130 is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the app or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for.

The Learn Python with PythonTutor app stores and processes personal data that you have provided to us, to provide my Service. It’s your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the app secure.

The app does use third-party services that declare their Terms and Conditions.

Link to Terms and Conditions of third-party service providers used by the app

*   [Google Play Services](https://policies.google.com/terms)
*   [Google Analytics for Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/terms/analytics)
*   [Firebase Crashlytics](https://firebase.google.com/terms/crashlytics)

You should be aware that there are certain things that danielzhang130 will not take responsibility for. Certain functions of the app will require the app to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi or provided by your mobile network provider, but danielzhang130 cannot take responsibility for the app not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi, and you don’t have any of your data allowance left.

If you’re using the app outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that the terms of the agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection while accessing the app, or other third-party charges. In using the app, you’re accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the app outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you’re using the app, please be aware that we assume that you have received permission from the bill payer for using the app.

Along the same lines, danielzhang130 cannot always take responsibility for the way you use the app i.e. You need to make sure that your device stays charged – if it runs out of battery and you can’t turn it on to avail the Service, danielzhang130 cannot accept responsibility.

With respect to danielzhang130’s responsibility for your use of the app, when you’re using the app, it’s important to bear in mind that although we endeavor to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you. danielzhang130 accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the app.

At some point, we may wish to update the app. The app is currently available on Android – the requirements for the system(and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the app. danielzhang130 does not promise that it will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the Android version that you have installed on your device.

**Changes to This Terms and Conditions**

I may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page.

These terms and conditions are effective as of 2022-01-19

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact me at danielzhang130@gmail.com.

This Terms and Conditions page was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)